hello my name is marine busy with beach
physique fitness and today I'm going to
share with you my hotel workout that I
do when I'm traveling so this is
something that you can also do you need
no equipment to do this exercise and you
can still get a full body workout in so
the first thing you want to do if you
want to warm yourself up a little bit
before you get started so imagine that
you have your hotel room maybe that you
just have a little bit of room right at
the side of the bed that's just the size
of this mat that's all the space you're
going to need today to get this workout
done so to begin you just want to warm
yourself up with a little bit of running
in place get that heart rate up start
moving the body moving through the arms
just a little warm up to get that heart
rate up you want to do that just for
about a minute so you're ready to go
then we can actually start strengthening
those body working on some reverse
lunges i'm going to turn to the side
here and we're going to go with those
lunges by bringing one foot back coming
down slowly caressing up bringing the
feet together lunging through working
through the legs here working for the
quadricep working through the glutes and
the hamstrings you want to perform 20 on
this side before moving to the other
side once you finish those you're going
to move to that opposite side perform
that 20 on this side pressing through
the heel lifting up keeping the abs
tight keeping the shoulders back and
doing 20 there then we'll move on to an
upper body exercise if you have a chair
in the room you can certainly do some
dips to work through the chest and upper
body but if we just have this space here
we can still get a great exercise we're
going to move to the floor next and do
some push-ups right in that same exact
space you might want to put down a towel
before you move to the floor there for
push-ups you want to bring yourself down
all the way down towards the floor
lining your hands up with your chest
firmly planting the toes into the ground
tightening the ABS before you begin to
lift up and then keeping the abs tight
lifting yourself up up off the floor
inside out push-up position then you're
going to slowly bend the elbows leaning
back towards the floor thinking about
leading with the chest and then lifting
yourself up keeping those hips up you
can then modify that position if you
need to you by bringing your knees down
towards the floor still doing the same
action leading with the chest coming
down slowly keeping those abs tight
pressing up working those chest and
tricep muscles take a deep breath in on
the way down exhaling on the way back up
to the top if you can you want to do
about 10 to 20 repetitions of the
push-ups before moving on to the next
exercise so standing back up we're going
to go into our next exercise which is a
leg exercise so this time you want to
bring your feet about hip width apart
and you're going to slowly come down
just do a squat position and then
leaning one leg out towards the side
down into a squat position leaning
towards the side lifting up here we're
lifting up that left leg so now we're
working the other part of the leg
working the outer thigh here as we lift
up pressing out focusing on one side
first for about ten to 20 reps and then
finishing up with the other side same
amount of repetitions on that side just
lifting through that leg working through
that outer thigh keeping that core nice
and strong next up we're going to go
back to the floor and we're going to do
a little bit of work that's going to
focus on the ABS and the core and also
keeping it a little bit cardio oriented
so meet me down on the mat we're going
to start off in a plank position and a
plank position here you're going to
bring those hands down we're going to
start on the floor
arms keeping yourself here and you're
going to lift up you're going to keep
those ABS nice and tight and you want to
hold this position for about 30 seconds
to 1 minute once you finish up those 30
seconds you're going to turn slightly to
the side you're going to bring the knees
down first we're going to go into a side
plank you're going to turn your body
onto the side bringing your arm that's
on the floor at a nice 90 degree angle
so it's in line with the elbow and the
shoulder then what you want to do is
you're going to use this hands in front
of you to lift up off the floor now
we're still in a plank position working
the side plank working those oblique
muscles so here you also want to stay
here for about 30 seconds to 1 minute
working on that core keeping those ABS
nice and tight once you finish that one
minute sequence on this side you're
going to come back down you're going to
turn yourself around and work on the
opposite side so we're moving to the
other side you're going to line yourself
up bring the forearm onto the floor
lining up the elbow with the shoulder
making sure you have a nice straight
line from the head down towards the feet
then you're going to use the hands in
front of you lift yourself up and you're
holding in this position keeping that
core nice and tight breathing while
you're here and trying to hold this for
about 30 seconds to 1 minute and then
slowly releasing yourself down and
bringing yourself back up to a standing
position and those are my suggestions
for your hotel workout